Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, you can see we have just two products, but we are only able to display one products.
So in this lecture, we are going to be able to display all products we have over here.
Okay.
But before then.
In the previous lecture.
We created a fire code for that I-10.
Then we designed.
How each product is going to look like.
Right.
Okay.
So now what you're going to do next is over this widget, you're going to create a new FY.
And we're just going to call this.
All.
Or this product.
Then there's section two dot.
And we can use this widget.
The lest we get.
As well.
We are going to call this all.
Products.
Right.
And we can also use controlled B to make this right in over a year or trillion dollars in stimulus.
You out that that package.
Okay great.
Now, first of all, we are just going to have a chart, then a color in case we want some more additional
property that is going to be displayed vertically.
Okay.
So now over this column, we can then have a chart as well.
So it should read.
Then the first child is going to be a container.
Okay.
A container then is container can have a height of 280.
Okay, then the child.
Is going to be sold in on us.
Leased.
The view.
The separated.
Okay.
Now you can see we have all this the item before the.
The spirit of you there and I think counts.
No, like I said, we are going to display all the products we have and the models that is this close
for us right now to describe us as to all these products.
We need to have access to this.
Variable could generate close right or this function away called generate calls.
Okay.
So that to do that, you're going to need to go back to the whole products in contract.
Now we can create a find available and we can call this.
We will close.
Least there's going to be courts, too.
That's closed class first.
We can't just assess that generic clothes with that of innocence to the class because it's more like
a father to this.
Okay, so there it goes.
Now we can.
Then how the semicolon.
Okay.
Now for the item that is going to start with the item code for the item code is simply is many products
we have.
Right.
We can statically type six, but we are going to give the high ten based on the clothes we have.
So to do that, they're going to need to call that a variable we created that is just horrible.
They call closed this.
So we're going to need to say.
Okay.
Close this.
Close.
It's a record.
It's close.
So.
Close.
Least.
Okay, then let's.
Okay.
Now, for this effort together.
It simply means the space we need between each product.
So over here.
They're going to get rid of this, then they're going to give the apprentices the first value is going
to be not.
So I just want to say on this call then comma.
Right, then we.
I've only used an arrow function.
So I think so.
We need to as intense as well.
Then we can then use in our function.
Okay.
Now, I'm going to give you this first.
I'm going to give you the space vertically so it not vertically.
Vertically has to do with top to bottom.
You're going to be given the space horizontally so you can't see.
Size works.
Okay.
But we don't tell you how to do it right to left or right or right or left.
So you can give it of.
Ten.
Okay.
Now for the item.
Fuda is simply amazed how we are going to display each product or how we are going to display the products.
Okay, so now what you're going to do now is to pass the parentheses first, right?
Able to pass and contest.
An intense debate cannot a function.
This, then this is just going to be that.
Products item we designed.
Okay.
So there's going to be.
Products.
A tape recorders for us.
We can go straight, namely to product item.
Okay.
Recorded product item.
Right.
Okay.
They can see this fix evaluates.
It's going to be that close.
This close.
This.
Then they wouldn't need to pass in dance to assess each single product we have in the clothes and what
else we can do in hard atrial coma and use contract initiative.
Okay.
And go check what you did.
No hero.
Okay.
We need to add it to the home screen.
Right.
So we're just going to get rid of this clothes item since this for those item.
Sorry.
Right.
Okay.
Get rid of this, then.
All.
Products.
Okay, great.
I'll go check it out.
Okay.
I think it's taking longer than expected.
Go check it out.
Okay.
You can see it now.
Well, we can only screw the effort.
It's going to take the vertical shift.
That's from top to bottom.
Right.
Okay.
So now what they're going to do, they're going to go back to the whole trigger.
Well, that's.
Like I said before, the view is going to take the vertical ship that is more like the column shape,
right?
So now what we are going to do is use the roof form.
And that was why we gave the space.
Of horizontally that is we tried.
Okay so there it is.
View has a property known as.
Sorry.
Known as cruel direction.
So we have to see this.
US is not horizontal.
Okay, great.
So we simply want to do a role for that is from left to right.
They can sit.
They can see the space over here.
So does this does the work of this separate orbiter?
Does it do.
It's the space we need between each products.
Therefore, there's going be some space.
Okay.
Let's just try to reduce this to five.
You can say it's what you thought.
Even if we did this a zero, there's still going to be some space.
Okay, we're just going to go with ten.
Okay.
Oh, it's okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Sounds good.
But now we have one product.
Okay.
What about if we should go to the cause item?
Then just copy this.
And this is going go on to save and go check it out.
You're going to see.
Okay.
You can see we have another.
Right, so you can just have more.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in in this picture.